Explosives - Improve Support for custom IED ringtones (#10731)
acemod/ACE3: docs/wiki/framework/explosives-framework.md

        ACE_explodeOnDefuse = 0.02;  // (Optional) Add a chance for the explosive to detonate after being disarmed (in percent)
        ACE_explosives_defuseObjectPosition[] = {-1.415, 0, 0.12};  // (Optional) The position relative to the model where the defuse helper object will be attached and thus the interaction point will be rendered
        ACE_explosives_size = 0;  // (Optional) Setting to 1 will use a defusal action with a larger radius (useful for large mines or mines with a wide pressure plane trigger area)

>         ACE_explosives_ringtones[] = {{"\z\addons\explosives\Data\Audio\Cellphone_Ring.wss",0.75}};  // (Optional) Defines ringtone(s) IEDs for ACE explosives, each entry includes a sound file path and its duration in seconds. Shold be in array of [path,duration]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ACE_explosives_ringtones[] = {{"\z\addons\explosives\Data\Audio\Cellphone_Ring.wss",0.75}};  // (Optional) Defines IED ringtone(s) to be randomly selected upon detonation by cellphone, each entry includes a sound file path and its duration in seconds. Should be in array of [path,duration]
```
The best I could come up with right now. The last `Should be in array of [path,duration]` part feels like extra since `each entry includes a sound file path and its duration in seconds` is already there, but I dunno what to do with it ATM.

        ACE_explodeOnDefuse = 0.02;  // (Optional) Add a chance for the explosive to detonate after being disarmed (in percent)
        ACE_explosives_defuseObjectPosition[] = {-1.415, 0, 0.12};  // (Optional) The position relative to the model where the defuse helper object will be attached and thus the interaction point will be rendered
        ACE_explosives_size = 0;  // (Optional) Setting to 1 will use a defusal action with a larger radius (useful for large mines or mines with a wide pressure plane trigger area)
        ACE_explosives_ringtones[] = {{"\z\addons\explosives\Data\Audio\Cellphone_Ring.wss", 0.75, 3.16228, 1, 75}};  // (Optional) Defines IED ringtone(s) to be randomly selected upon detonation by cellphone. Each entry includes a sound file path, duration (in seconds), volume (optional: default 3.16228), pitch (optional: default 1), and maximum audible distance (optional: default 75).

>         ACE_explosives_callConnetTime[] = {1,8};  // (Optional) Defines the connection delay range (in seconds) for a dialed explosive, where the first value sets the minimum time and the second value sets the maximum time before detonation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        ACE_explosives_callConnectTime[] = {1,8};  // (Optional) Defines the connection delay range (in seconds) for a dialed explosive, where the first value sets the minimum time and the second value sets the maximum time before detonation.
```
